Replace API links (#1174)
GradleUp/shadow: src/docs/configuration/merging/README.md

```

The above code snippet is a convenience syntax for calling

> [`transform(ServiceFileTransformer.class)`](https://gradleup.com/shadow/api/shadow/com.github.jengelman.gradle.plugins.shadow.tasks/-shadow-jar/index.html#transform(Class<?%20extends%20Transformer>)).

Author: ```suggestion
[`transform(ServiceFileTransformer.class)`](https://gradleup.com/shadow/api/shadow/com.github.jengelman.gradle.plugins.shadow.tasks/-shadow-jar/transform.html).
```

> Groovy Extension Module descriptor files (located at `META-INF/services/org.codehaus.groovy.runtime.ExtensionModule`)
are ignored by the [`ServiceFileTransformer`](https://gradleup.com/shadow/api/shadow/com.github.jengelman.gradle.plugins.shadow.transformers/-service-file-transformer/index.html).
This is due to these files having a different syntax than standard service descriptor files.

> Use the [`mergeGroovyExtensionModules()`](https://gradleup.com/shadow/api/shadow/com.github.jengelman.gradle.plugins.shadow.tasks/-shadow-jar/index.html#mergeGroovyExtensionModules()) method to merge

Author: ```suggestion
Use the [`mergeGroovyExtensionModules()`](https://gradleup.com/shadow/api/shadow/com.github.jengelman.gradle.plugins.shadow.tasks/-shadow-jar/merge-groovy-extension-modules.html) method to merge
```
